Private and Public flow
Async and synchronous flow
Diff Mule 3 and 4
Pom components 
Api auto discovery 
Load Balancer 
Type of exception strategies in mule 
How error handling is done in mule 
Topic vs queue 
Pass and Saas difference 
Application scaling type 
Branching in terms of version control 
What is object store and why it used

Error and exception strategy.
inbound and outbound properties 
service level access (SLA)
Query parm 
path parm 

Http-listener-main 

Flow variable and expression. 
Flow variable, Sessions and Record Diff
Choice variable 

Http Listener and Http requester 
what is TLS in Http request configuration
How to genearter key store
Authentication and authorization 
Datawaeve 
Datasence 
SMTP is used for email 
property connector
validation componentsObject Store
Anypoint Platform 
Api exchange
APi Manager 
Runtime manager 
What is API gateway - https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vHQqQBYJtLI
	Separate out cross cutting concerns like security , Authentication , authorization 
	The API gateway points to the backend APIs and services that you define and abstracts them into a layer that Anypoint Platform manages.
	API gateways are a common component in modern architectures, helping organizations route their API requests, aggregate API responses, and enforce service level agreements through features like rate limiting. But an API gateway also plays an important role as a secure access point that protects an organization’s APIs. API gateways implement industry-standard encryption and access control –– giving API developers a way to let people in and direct them to the right place. Gateways point to the backend APIs and services that you define and abstract them into a layer that can be regulated by your API management solution.
	- Provide inline proxy control over API.
	- Identification of API requests through credential and token validation, as well as other authentication means. 
	- Authorized traffic to pass through the API to backend services.
	- Metering the traffic using rate limiting and throttling. 
	- Logging all transactions and applying runtime policies to enforce governance.

	Orchestration is the automated configuration, management, and coordination of computer systems, applications, and services.
What is rate limiting and throttling 
	Rate Limiting - policy limits the number of requests an API accepts within a window of time. The API rejects requests that exceed the limit.
	Multiple clients allowed to send called an Application Rate Limiting. If they are starting to send too many requests, their connection gets throttled. This means the processing slows down but does not disconnect.
SSL(Secure socket layer) in api gateway
What is One way and two way SSL ? http://tutorialspedia.com/an-overview-of-one-way-ssl-and-two-way-ssl/
	Secure socket layer - https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SJJmoDZ3il8
	Successor of SSL -> TLS Transport layer security 
	
	
	
Policies in mule 


1. What is RAML and why we use it?RESTful API Modeling Language
	RAML can also be used for documentation purpose.Helps client know, what the service is and what/how all operations can be invoked.
	RAML contains endpoint URL, request/response schema, HTTP methods and query and URI parameter.
	RAML helps the developer in creating the initial structure of this API.
	
APIkit Router
	During your app development lifecycle, you can build Mule REST or SOAP APIs from an API specification using APIkit.
	Based on an API RAML file, it routes arriving calls to the corresponding flow depending on the resource and method. See APIkit documentation.
Choice
	Evaluates a message against specified criteria, then sends it to the first message processor that matches those criteria.
	
The Transform Message component carries out transformations over the input data it receives. You can explicitly write out a transformation in DataWeave language, or you can use the UI to build it implicitly through dragging and dropping elements.